16 Places Stranger Than The Bermuda Triangle!
16.
Superstition Mountains
Located in Arizona just outside of the capital
city of Phoenix, the Superstition Mountains
are well known for their mysterious nature.
They are the site of the infamous Lost Dutchman’s
Gold Mine, where according to legend an immigrant
from Germany named Jacob Waltz discovered
a huge vein of gold.
He then, again according to the legend, revealed
the location of the mine on his deathbed in
1891.
Since then, many people have endeavored to
find the gold mine.
Many mines have been found, but none have
been verified to be the actual Lost Dutchman
mine.
It’s not known if the true location even
exists, let alone if it will ever be found.
15.
South Atlantic Anomaly
The Van Allen radiation belts are collections
of electrons and other charged particles held
in place by the Earth's magnetic field.
The area where the Earth’s inner Van Allen
radiation belt comes closest to the Earth’s
surface is known as the South Atlantic Anomaly,
and has been known to cause problems with
satellites and spacecraft which have to traverse
it periodically.
Objects passing through the anomaly are exposed
to significantly higher levels of radiation
while they’re in it, and it’s even thought
to have started a chain of events which led
to the destruction of the Hitomi, which was
previously a Japanese x-ray observation spacecraft.
14.
Lake Anjikuni
A lake located in Canada has become the stuff
of legend after a very strange series of events
occurred there in 1930.
Called the “myth of the vanishing village”,
the story goes that a fur trapper named Joe
Labelle visited the village as he had grown
accustomed to doing so, but found every person
there missing.
Unfinished clothing items hung with sewing
needles still in them, pots of food hung over
stoves, and dogs which had died of starvation
after being left tied to their sleds all indicated
that the villages had either left or disappeared
very suddenly - at a moment’s notice.
Various theories have surfaced to explain
the strange disappearances, ranging from the
inhabitants being driven out, to those which
purport that the entire village’s inhabitants
- estimated to be about 25 people - had been
abducted by aliens.
13.
Area 51
You need only say the name, and most people
in the United States will start spewing out
conspiracy theories and dismissals automatically.
Area 51 is not just famous, it’s infamous.
The base, which is located in the middle of
the Nevada desert and is also called Groom
Lake.
Dreamland, and Paradise Ranch, is said to
be the main facility at which the United States
government houses and performs tests on captured
alien spacecraft.
Less out of this world claims say that the
base is used as a testing facility for the
most top-secret aircraft in the world, and
this seems likely since the base houses one
of the longest airstrips on the planet.
The US Government only officially even acknowledged
its existence in 2005, when commercial satellites
used for mapping, like those used by Google
for Google Earth, revealed that the base was
indeed there.
Still, no real information about what goes
on at the base has come to light, and it’s
unlikely that the government will willingly
release anything about it anytime soon.
12.
The Devil’s Sea
Called the “Pacific Bermuda Triangle”
and the “Dragon’s Triangle” as well
as its more well-known name, the Devil’s
Sea is a region located around Miyake Island,
which itself is about 60 miles south of Tokyo.
It is known for being a region in which ships
vanish, specifically the Japanese research
vessel Kaiyo Maru No 5, which was destroyed
when an undersea volcano erupted.
All 31 members of the crew aboard the ship
died in the event.
Additionally, another 7 boats were lost between
1949 and 1953 - all of which were small fishing
vessels.
11.
Bigelow Ranch
Also known by its much more ominous sounding
nickname Skinwalker Ranch, Bigelow Ranch is
located southeast of Ballard, Utah and has
been the subject of a great many conspiracy
theories, UFO sightings, and speculations
of paranormal activity.
These claims date back decades - with the
earliest reports of strange things happening
in the area dating back about 50 years.
A 1974 book entitled The Utah UFO Display:
A Scientist’s Report cited that almost 100
incidents including vanishing and mutilated
cattle, UFO sightings, and orb sightings had
taken place in the area.
10.
The Dulce Base
Referred to by many as the “real Area 51”,
the Dulce Base is a supposed military installation
located on the Colorado - New Mexico border
under Archuleta Mesa.
The base is said to be a joint effort between
humans and extraterrestrial visitors, and
has been the subject of an almost endless
array of conspiracy theories.
Although the base has never been officially
acknowledged by any authority connected to
the United States government, many point to
the fact that Area 51 was not officially acknowledged
for decades as reasoning as to why that may
be the case.
9.
Point Pleasant
There are a few legends in American culture
which have stuck around through the ages to
become the stuff of true folklore.
One of these is without a doubt the weird
events surrounding Point Pleasant, which would
become famous for The Mothman legend.
The story states that a creature known as
the Mothman inhabits an abandoned TNT factory
in the area, and shows up whenever a terrible
event is about to take place.
The legend has been around the area for quite
some time, with the first sightings of the
creature having taken place in 1966 and 1967.
In 1975 a book entitled The Mothman Prophecies
popularized the story, and it has since become
something of a cultural phenomenon.
The city of Point Pleasant even holds an annual
Mothman Festival.
8.
Michigan Triangle
It seems that wherever there is water, stories
of the paranormal and downright strange are
simply bound to emerge.
The residents of areas surrounding Lake Michigan
grow up knowing of one such story, which involves
what is called the Michigan Triangle.
In 1891, a schooner called the Thomas Hume
set sail on the lake to receive a load of
lumber.
When a bad storm stole across the region,
the Thomas Hume vanished without a trace,
and the crew of seven aboard it vanished with
the vessel.
The boat has never been found, despite dedicated
and extensive searching.
Since then, equally strange events have taken
place in the Michigan Triangle on a fairly
regular basis.
In 1921 a ship called the Rosa Belle was found
overturned, and all 11 people who’d been
aboard had vanished.
Many UFO sightings have occurred in the area,
as well as sightings of ghosts and other paranormal
entities.
7.
San Luis Valley
UFO sightings are abundant all across the
internet, and most are easily dismissed as
nothing more than overactive imaginations
or things which tend to happen when folks
have a little too much to drink.
But sometimes an entire area becomes so well
known for UFO sightings, that you can’t
just help but wonder if there might be something
to it.
This is the case in San Luis Valley in Colorado,
where hundreds of UFO sightings have been
reported.
The stretch of Highway 17 which passes through
the area has come to be known as “The Cosmic
Highway” due to the abundance of sightings
which take place there.
Additionally, self-styled psychics have claimed
that there are large energy vortices in the
area, which may also contribute to the sightings
and experiences.
6.
Hangar 18
In the relatively small town of Dayton, Ohio,
there is an Air Force Base which will never
be far from the lips of any avid UFO hunter.
This is of course Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base, inside of which sits Hangar 18.
Hangar 18 is a legendary structure, known
throughout the UFO community to reportedly
hold the remains of the UFO which crash-landed
in Roswell, New Mexico, as well as the bodies
of the alien pilots who occupied the craft.
It is believed that Hangar 18 has been used
since the arrival of those materials to research
and reverse-engineer the technology contained
in the craft, and numerous whistleblowers
have come forward to supposedly back up the
claims.
5.
Bennington Triangle
In southwestern Vermont, there is a region
known as the Bennington Triangle.
This region is mysterious because a large
number of people have gone missing inside
of it, with the bulk of those disappearances
having taken place between 1920 and 1950.
A total of 9 people went missing in that time
range - with 5 of the disappearances taking
place in 1945 alone.
Additionally, as is common with mysterious
places such as the Bennington Triangle, strange
occurrences and paranormal activity have also
been reported there.
The term “Bennington Triangle” was first
coined in 1992 during a radio broadcast, and
has since been popularized in novels and media
since then.
4.
Skeleton Lake
In 1942, a shocking discovery was made in
the Roopkund region of India when a British
forest guard came upon a frozen lake 16,000
feet above sea level.
The lake, which is positioned at the bottom
of a small valley, contained dozens of skeletons.
The following summer when the ice melted,
even more remains were found, both in the
lake and around its perimeter.
It was unknown from whence these corpses had
come or what had caused their demise until
2004, when an expedition to the site solved
the mystery.
DNA evidence showed that the lake contained
two separate groups of people, whose remains
date back to 850 AD.
Each skull seemed to have a similar wound
- a blow which looked to be caused by a large,
round object.
Researchers eventually came to the conclusion
that the groups had died in a sudden violent
hailstorm.
The bodies still rest in Skeleton Lake today,
though there are no roads leading to the location
as of yet.
3.
Bridgewater Triangle
Another mysterious site in the continental
United States is the Bridgewater Triangle,
an area of some 200 square miles which is
thought to be the site of a great deal of
strange phenomena.
These have included ghost sightings, UFO encounters,
and even a few reports of Bigfoot-like creatures.
Historic sites within the region include Hockomock
Swamp, the name of which means “the place
where spirits dwell”, as well as Freetown-Fall
River Forest, where various cult activity
including animal sacrifices and ritual murders
have taken place, and Profile rock, where
a figure revered by the Wampanoag people known
as Anawan received a legendary wampum belt
from King Philip.
It’s now said that the ghost of a man can
occasionally be seen sitting on the rock.
2.
Pine Gap
Called by many the “Australian Area 51”,
the Pine Gap facility is located about 11
miles south of Alice Springs, Northern Territory
in Australia.
The base is operated in tandem by the Australian
military and the United States, and is officially
called the Joint Defence Facility Pine Gap.
Although it is still considered to be a top
secret facility, the base is officially the
home of a large supercomputer complex and
contains a staff of more than 800 individual
employees.
Many researchers of UFOs and the paranormal
contend that there is much more going on at
the base than our governments would have us
believe - and the 2013 leaks of Edward Snowden
seem to back this up, though with more down
to earth claims.
The Snowden leaks showed that Pine Gap is
one of the locations where the PRISM operation
of global surveillance was carried out.
1.
The Nazca Lines
Few places on Earth are as instantly recognizable
- and instantly unusual - as the Nazca site.
The plains, which are located in the Nazca
Desert in southern Peru, feature some of the
largest ancient geoglyphs ever made.
These figures, which were drawn into the ground,
are so huge that most can only be fully appreciated
from above.
The largest figures reach lengths of up to
1200 feet, and the drawings are thought to
date back to 500 BC.
Many have speculated that the Nazca people
made these images to speak with their gods,
who are believed by a great deal of UFO researchers
to have been extraterrestrials.